this is the story of a chef who loses
his job
and finds his passion for life again the
film begins when chef carl casper is
cooking in the kitchen with
one comisha due to the lack of
ingredients
he goes home to pick up his son percy
and then goes to the market
now chef carl is in a rut once one of
the hottest young chefs in the country
he now works as an executive chef in
riva's restaurant in los
angeles riva is a suit and believes in
playing it safe menu-wise
a powerful and snarky food blogger
ramsay michelle
is coming to review the restaurant carl
wants to put on a snazzy new menu to wow
the critic
but riva wants him to stick to the
current menu
that night carl drinks in the pub and
reads bad reviews of the blogger
carl has a strained relationship with
his tech savvy pre-teen son percy
and his rich ex-wife inez carl is
outraged by the bad review
but everything gets worse when he hears
from his line cooks martin and tony
that twitter is buzzing about the nasty
negative reviews
carl asked his super cute and precocious
son percy to set him up on twitter
and a monster is born carl decides to
reply to michelle's review
but instead of sending a direct message
which is private
he sends a public message attacking the
critic
when carl is cooking for his son
everything blows up and carl is suddenly
an
internet folk hero of sorts carl tweets
a challenge to the show
telling him to return for dinner and
that he'll have a special creative and
snazzy menu ready
but carl neglects to inform his boss and
they get into a huge role over taking
chances
riva does not understand their
restaurant is full because of the
internet flame war
and the two men bicker and carl storms
out in a rage
home carl prepares the menu he wanted
while his sous chef tony serves ramsay
the same dishes from his prior visit
the second dinner does not go well
michelle comes and slams the restaurant
as well as the chef's portly form
michelle is
angry that carl's promise was
unfulfilled and tweets him in an
insulting manner carl soon bursts into
the restaurant and pops his cork in a
classic land
the tech savvy customers film the
exchange on their smartphones
and the whole thing goes viral carl is
now
unemployable but only until the mess
blows over
viral fads are soon forgotten carl's
ex-wife inez wants to help her ex and
get him to spend more time
with their son percy carl travels to
miami with percy and inez on a business
trip for her
carl is there to play mr mom percy is
thrilled
and inez has ulterior motives they then
meet
abuelito inez's father and carl
rediscovers his love for cuban cuisine
inez throws her two ex-husbands together
and ex number one
marvin has a proposal a food truck
carl accepts the offer and goes to work
with percy cleaning up and restoring the
truck
and then they buy groceries and carl
gives him a chef's knife
martin carl's friend and former line
cook turns down his promotion at gallows
to join carl who has reignited his
passion as a chef
chef then becomes a thoroughly
delightful comedic road picture
as carl martin and percy drive the truck
across the country to los
angeles serving cuban sandwiches and
yucca fries
the truck becomes el jefe percy is a
twitter prodigy and promotes them on
social media
and they find success in new orleans and
austin where their daily specials
include po boys and barbecued brisket
made with local ingredients their food
truck becomes popular
all over the internet carl and percy
really get to know one another and the
boy becomes a pretty darn good little
line cook
back in los angeles percy checks in with
mom inez and it becomes
clear that inez may want to get back
together with carl
the road trip is the heart and soul of
chef
the nasty critic michelle visits the
truck to explain his bad review
though an early fan of carl he was
disappointed by
a meal he felt was beneath carl's skills
michelle eats carl's cuban food and is
impressed with the chef's return to form
so that he offers to bankroll a new
restaurant where carl will have
full creative control six months later
the successful new restaurant is closed
for a private event
carl and inez's remarried ceremony